{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green15\blue15;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c7059\c7059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Course Material: \
- Text book: \
           Title: Discrete Mathematics with Applications (4th Edition) \
           Author: by Susanna S. Epp \
           Publisher: Brooks/Cole \
- References: \
  Discrete Mathematics with applications by Barnier & Chan \
Lecture Notes and slides given by the instructors \
Discrete Mathematics with applications by Barnier & Chan \
Discrete Mathematics and its Applications by Kenneth H. Rosen \
Foundations of Computer Science by Aho and Ulman \
Evaluation in Face to Face teching and exams: \
Three Quizzes Only (All quizzes required)		30% \
Midterm exam		30% \
Final exam			40% \
 \
Schedule: \
# Lectures  \
Reading \
Topic \
Sections \
1 \
 \
Outline and Motivations to Discrete Mathematics \
 \
3 \
Ch. 2 \
The Logic of Compound Statements (Propositional Logic) \
2.1, 2.2, 2.3 \
3 \
Ch. 3 \
The Logic of Quantified Statements (First Order Logic) \
3.1, 3.2, 3.3 \
4 \
Ch. 4 \
Number Theory and Methods of Proof \
4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 \
3 \
Ch. 5 \
Sequences and Mathematical Induction \
5.1, 5.2, 5.3 \
 \
4 \
Ch. 6 \
Set Theory \
6.1, 6.2, 6.3 (+6.4 Algebra) \
2 \
Ch. 7 \
Functions \
7.1, 7.2 \
4 \
Ch. 8 \
Relations \
8.1, 8.2, 8.3 \
5 \
Ch. 9 \
Counting Theory \
9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.5, 9.6 \
3 \
Ch. 10 \
Graphs and Trees (if time permits) \
10.1, 10.2 \
 \
 \
Student responsibilities: \
Class participation and independent work. Students are expected to actively participate in all classes and perform independent work. \
Attendance. Attendance is mandatory. University regulations regarding this matter will be strictly enforced. \
Academic Honesty. Individual work must be each student\'92s own work. Plagiarism or cheating will result in official University disciplinary review. \
Missed Exams. There are no makeup exams. \
Class Etiquette. Please keep all cell phones and other electronic devices turned off during class. If your activities during class are deemed disruptive, you will be asked to leave. Use of a personal computer during class is prohibited except for note taking with the permission from your instructor.}